README.md, before:

List of disposable email domains
========================

[![Licensed under CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This repo contains a [list of disposable and temporary email address domains](disposable_email_blacklist.conf) often used to register dummy users in order to spam/abuse some services. 

Originally collected to filter new user registration at https://usegalaxy.org and later merged with other lists found online. I cannot guarantee all of these can still be considered disposable but they probably were at one point in time.

Whitelist
=========
The file [whitelist.conf](whitelist.conf) gathers email domains that are often identified as disposable but in fact are not.

Example Usage
=============
**Python**
```Python
blacklist = ('disposable_email_blacklist.conf')
blacklist_content = [line.rstrip() for line in blacklist.readlines()]
if email.split('@')[1] in blacklist_content:
    message = "Please enter your permanent email address."
    return (False, message)
else:
    return True
```
**PHP** contributed by @txt3rob and @deguif
```php
function is_temp_mail($mail) {
    $mail_domains_ko = file('disposable_email_blacklist.conf', FILE_IGNORE_NEW_LINES | FILE_SKIP_EMPTY_LINES);

    //Need to ensure the mail contains an @ to avoid undefined offset
    return in_array(explode('@', $mail)[1], $mail_domains_ko);
}
```
**Ruby on Rails** contributed by @MitsunChieh

In resource model, usually it is `user.rb`
```Ruby
before_validation :reject_email_blacklist

def reject_email_blacklist
  blacklist = File.read('config/disposable_email_blacklist.conf').split("\n")

  if blacklist.include?(email.split('@')[1])
    errors[:email] << 'invalid email'
    return false
  else
    return true
  end
end
```

Contributing
============
Feel free to create PR with additions or request removal of some domain (with reasons).

Use 

`$ cat disposable_email_blacklist.conf your_file | tr '[:upper:]' '[:lower:]' | sort -f | uniq -i  > new_file.conf`

`$ comm -23 new_file.conf whitelist.conf > disposable_email_blacklist.conf`

to add contents of another file in the same format (only second level domains on new line without @). It also converts uppercase to lowercase, sorts, removes duplicates and removes whitelisted domains.

Changelog
============
7/27/16 - Converted all domains to the second level. This means that starting from [this commit](https://github.com/martenson/disposable-email-domains/commit/61ae67aacdab0b19098de2e13069d7c35b74017a) the implementers should take care of matching the second level domain names properly i.e. `@xxx.yyy.zzz` should match `yyy.zzz` in blacklist more info in [#46](https://github.com/martenson/disposable-email-domains/issues/46)

Commit message:

add link to PyPI module, thanks to @di

README.md, after:

List of disposable email domains
========================

[![Licensed under CC0](https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This repo contains a [list of disposable and temporary email address domains](disposable_email_blacklist.conf) often used to register dummy users in order to spam/abuse some services. 

Originally collected to filter new user registration at https://usegalaxy.org and later merged with other lists found online. I cannot guarantee all of these can still be considered disposable but they probably were at one point in time.

Whitelist
=========
The file [whitelist.conf](whitelist.conf) gathers email domains that are often identified as disposable but in fact are not.

Example Usage
=============
**Python**
```Python
blacklist = ('disposable_email_blacklist.conf')
blacklist_content = [line.rstrip() for line in blacklist.readlines()]
if email.split('@')[1] in blacklist_content:
    message = "Please enter your permanent email address."
    return (False, message)
else:
    return True
```

Available as [PyPI module](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/disposable-email-domains) thanks to @di
```
>>> from disposable_email_domains import blacklist
>>> 'bearsarefuzzy.com' in blacklist
True
```

**PHP** contributed by @txt3rob and @deguif
```php
function is_temp_mail($mail) {
    $mail_domains_ko = file('disposable_email_blacklist.conf', FILE_IGNORE_NEW_LINES | FILE_SKIP_EMPTY_LINES);

    //Need to ensure the mail contains an @ to avoid undefined offset
    return in_array(explode('@', $mail)[1], $mail_domains_ko);
}
```
**Ruby on Rails** contributed by @MitsunChieh

In resource model, usually it is `user.rb`
```Ruby
before_validation :reject_email_blacklist

def reject_email_blacklist
  blacklist = File.read('config/disposable_email_blacklist.conf').split("\n")

  if blacklist.include?(email.split('@')[1])
    errors[:email] << 'invalid email'
    return false
  else
    return true
  end
end
```

Contributing
============
Feel free to create PR with additions or request removal of some domain (with reasons).

Use 

`$ cat disposable_email_blacklist.conf your_file | tr '[:upper:]' '[:lower:]' | sort -f | uniq -i  > new_file.conf`

`$ comm -23 new_file.conf whitelist.conf > disposable_email_blacklist.conf`

to add contents of another file in the same format (only second level domains on new line without @). It also converts uppercase to lowercase, sorts, removes duplicates and removes whitelisted domains.

Changelog
============

12/6/16 - Available as [PyPI module](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/disposable-email-domains) thanks to @di
7/27/16 - Converted all domains to the second level. This means that starting from [this commit](https://github.com/martenson/disposable-email-domains/commit/61ae67aacdab0b19098de2e13069d7c35b74017a) the implementers should take care of matching the second level domain names properly i.e. `@xxx.yyy.zzz` should match `yyy.zzz` in blacklist more info in [#46](https://github.com/martenson/disposable-email-domains/issues/46)
